So let's start looking at this other area here, which we will call the main content within this area,
we have other many, any other composer what we need to put together.
So again, I'm going to come up here and let's close this down, Foldit, I should say, and we're going
to fall top header and right at the bottom here, I'm going to go ahead and work on something else.
Let's say at composable again.
It's a function, let's call this main content such.
And there we have it.
OK, I'm going to make this.
The ad preview so can preview it.
And if you want, you can just go ahead and.
Comment this out, though, we don't have too many previews at once, right?
That's fine.
Either way works, but there we go.
We have a preview on our main content.
So our main content, again, we have all of this.
So you see in the outer layers here, we have this very nice order here.
So let's go ahead and see how can we put together such a thing?
So go ahead.
I'm going to use surface again.
And then instead of our surface here, let me go back and I'm going to put a modifier.
What's new?
And let's go ahead and keep padding.
I'm about to dive deep, so for all padding of to like that too deep?
OK, so still there I go and make sure that we fill Max with and then we're going to get out of our
modifier.
So we want to create this structure here that is like just a border.
OK, so what do we need to do?
Is past shape?
Yes.
And in this case, I could use the circle shape or rounded corners or rounded.
Let's see what we call, what do we use here, which was a rounded corner of shape.
We can use rounded corner shape just to differentiate, but both of them yield to the same thing, really.
So I'm going to say.
Rounded corners, shape and form, the shape, see and the four corner here, a corner.
And let's give it about eight ADP because we don't want the corners to be too curved, we want them
to be a little bit curved just like this.
So essentially kind of like this.
OK.
All right.
Stay with you.
Now the other thing we can also pass if you have for, you know, a surface is that we can pass if you
other things, which is the border.
You know the argument here, this is real helpful because that's exactly what we want.
So afterwards here, I'm going to say border.
And you can see the tape that is expecting is border stroke, toxic border border stroke.
As far as that, and we have a few override methods here.
Let's just get the second one.
So the width of the stroke we can pass here, we just want something small.
It's a width six one dpi that's fine.
Nothing too thick.
And for the color, I'm going to say color.
It's going to use the light gray that comes with.
I'm just going to go.
Let's just say light gray, these is the color that we want.
So it's going to be this color.
They're just like gray.
OK.
Of course, we can get rid of these residual one things to do that is you click out option and enter
and then remove redundant qualifier name.
All right, so now just have surface.
OK, and inside here what I can do.
And inside, of course, this surface here notice this is where we're going to add all of these other
UI widgets and all of them are in, all of them are one after the other, which tells us which all of
them are one after the other vertically, which tells us again, we have a column.
All right.
Let's just go ahead and add to that column because we're not going to use it anyway.
And for now here, I'm just going to add some gibberish.
Just give a text.
Hello and a few hellos here.
OK.
Let's go ahead and refresh just to see what we are going to see.
And there we go.
It's really small with so make this a little bigger.
And if you look closely.
Its tax rate over the year, you can see that we have that very nice border there, in fact, it can
exaggerate this to 12 and you can see there it is or a border.
All right.
The stroke, I should say the border stroke, as you see there.
OK, so it's there.
We want about one to four now, so we can actually see.
All right.
So we have it.
It's looking really good.
It will look better.
All right.
There we go.
So we have this structure that we need.
Of course, we don't need all these hellos.
We actually are going to replace all of that with all of these other things, other UI components.
But at least we have the main shell, if you will, which is this structure here.